README.md, before:

# phUML

[![CI workflow](https://github.com/montealegreluis/phuml/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/montealegreluis/phuml/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality][scrutinizer-badge]][scrutinizer]
[![Code Coverage][coverage-badge]][coverage]
[![Infection MSI](https://badge.stryker-mutator.io/github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/master)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/master)
[![Latest Stable Version][stable-badge]][packagist]
[![Minimum PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E%3D%208.0-8892BF.svg?style=flat-square)](https://php.net/)

phUML is a fully automatic [UML][uml] class diagram generator written in [PHP](https://php.net/).
It creates a class diagram from an Object-Oriented codebase based on the UML specification.

## Installation

### Docker

The official phUML Docker image can be found on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/montealegreluis/phuml/).

```bash
docker pull montealegreluis/phuml:5.2.0
```

You can replace `5.2.0` with any of the available [tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/montealegreluis/phuml/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated)

### Composer

Alternatively, you may use [Composer][composer] to download and install phUML as well as its dependencies.

```bash
composer require phuml/phuml
```

phUML can also be installed globally.

```bash
composer global require phuml/phuml
```

## How does it look like?

![UML Diagram][diagram]

The image shown here, is the class diagram generated by phUML when it's run against its [original codebase][codebase].

## Documentation

For more details visit the [documentation page][docs]

## Contribute

Please refer to [CONTRIBUTING][contribute] for information on how to contribute to phUML.

## License

Released under the [BSD-3-Clause][license].

## Credits

This code is principally developed and maintained by [Luis Montealegre][luis].

This library was created by [Jakob Westhoff][jakob].

Special thanks to all of these [awesome contributors][contributors].

[scrutinizer-badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
[scrutinizer]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/?branch=master
[uml]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Modeling_Language
[diagram]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/master/docs/phuml-example-thumbnail.png
[docs]: http://montealegreluis.com/phuml
[coverage-badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/badges/coverage.png?b=master
[coverage]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/code-structure/master/code-coverage
[composer]: https://getcomposer.org/
[codebase]: https://github.com/jakobwesthoff/phuml/tree/master/src
[stable-badge]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/phuml/phuml.svg?style=flat-square
[packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/phuml/phuml
[luis]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis
[jakob]: https://github.com/jakobwesthoff
[contributors]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/contributors
[contribute]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[license]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

docs: Add PHIVE installation/usage instructions
- Add PHIVE commands to install phUML
- Update examples to also use PHIVE

README.md, after:

# phUML

[![CI workflow](https://github.com/montealegreluis/phuml/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/montealegreluis/phuml/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality][scrutinizer-badge]][scrutinizer]
[![Code Coverage][coverage-badge]][coverage]
[![Infection MSI](https://badge.stryker-mutator.io/github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/master)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/master)
[![Latest Stable Version][stable-badge]][packagist]
[![Minimum PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E%3D%208.0-8892BF.svg?style=flat-square)](https://php.net/)

phUML is a fully automatic [UML][uml] class diagram generator written in [PHP](https://php.net/).
It creates a class diagram from an Object-Oriented codebase based on the UML specification.

## Installation

## Phive

phUML can be installed by [Phive](https://phar.io/) - The PHAR Installation and Verification Environment.

```
phive install phuml
```

Phive will generate a `.phive` and a `tools` directory which you may want to add to your `.gitignore` file.

### Docker

The official phUML Docker image can be found on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/montealegreluis/phuml/).

```bash
docker pull montealegreluis/phuml:5.2.0
```

You can replace `5.2.0` with any of the available [tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/montealegreluis/phuml/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated)

## Composer

phUML can be installed globally by [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

```bash
composer global require phuml/phuml
```

Alternatively, you may want to install phUML as well as its dependencies.

```bash
composer require phuml/phuml
```

## How does it look like?

![UML Diagram][diagram]

The image shown here, is the class diagram generated by phUML when it's run against its [original codebase][codebase].

## Documentation

For more details visit the [documentation page][docs]

## Contribute

Please refer to [CONTRIBUTING][contribute] for information on how to contribute to phUML.

## License

Released under the [BSD-3-Clause][license].

## Credits

This code is principally developed and maintained by [Luis Montealegre][luis].

This library was created by [Jakob Westhoff][jakob].

Special thanks to all of these [awesome contributors][contributors].

[scrutinizer-badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
[scrutinizer]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/?branch=master
[uml]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Modeling_Language
[diagram]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/master/docs/phuml-example-thumbnail.png
[docs]: http://montealegreluis.com/phuml
[coverage-badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/badges/coverage.png?b=master
[coverage]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/MontealegreLuis/phuml/code-structure/master/code-coverage
[composer]: https://getcomposer.org/
[codebase]: https://github.com/jakobwesthoff/phuml/tree/master/src
[stable-badge]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/phuml/phuml.svg?style=flat-square
[packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/phuml/phuml
[luis]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis
[jakob]: https://github.com/jakobwesthoff
[contributors]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/contributors
[contribute]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[license]: https://github.com/MontealegreLuis/phuml/blob/master/LICENSE
